Update recording_with_microphone.rst for iOS audio settings (#11380)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/audio/recording_with_microphone.rst

You will need to enable audio input in the :ref:`Audio > Driver > Enable Input<class_ProjectSettings_property_audio/driver/enable_input>` project setting, or you'll just get empty audio files.

On iOS and iPadOS, it is also important to set the correct "Session Category" to include

> "Record" or "Play and Record", this is an advanced project setting under Audio/General/ios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On iOS and iPadOS, it is also important to set the advanced **Audio > General > iOS > Session Category** setting to include **Record** or **Play and Record**.
```
